yeah I'm wearing a hat indoors I'm
trying to block off the haters all right
I don't want any comments about the Hat
how did you my name is mute and I just
woke up from a nap no one's home which
is really weird my whole family just
left me sleeping without telling me they
were going out to eat like okay this is
actually the third video I've recorded
today so how I'm very proud of myself
I've never done this in my life as you
guys can tell by the ton of this video
though down there here gamma ramen gamma
run I made gamma cookies I made camel
rice it's time to make some game running
you don't want it because it's so raw
man buns buns everywhere I got my gamma
i got a new flavor too i got pink
lemonade goes with the P hat and the
pink pink pink guy hit filthy Frank
feeling Frank if you're watching this I
do this for you I do this for you all
right let's get cookin I wonder if I
could actually juggle with like gamma
tubs I've never actually what don't mind
me
and just trying to fight the vomit yes
look at that you see that I can't meet
it I did this for the fans as well oh
yeah I use tap water while I actually
sit here and wait for the water to start
boiling I'm going to know ahead and like
do all like the videography
cinematography type of ish deal hope you
guys enjoy before you came man haha
would never be much faster before you
came round I was ready to slow down I
honestly have no idea what I'm doing but
I like it I'll do it for the fans I do
it for the fans all right now we just
open up our little red in here dang you
guys see these pockets no need for them
no need we have this that this is this
is going to taste so much better just
for the extra lol's here's another
another one another one
yeah that looks great oh it's great okay
so i actually don't know if I'm like the
only weirdo who likes to use cheese and
an egg in their ramen but i'm gonna go
ahead and do it for this video you want
to crack an egg you got to do it in
style you know I'm wow that didn't work
okay this is hard solid what the heck oh
there's this okay you know what I'm not
gonna crack it in style now I add the
cheese the cheese gotta just I so real
quick look at that Wow look at that
beauty I can't wait to eat it alright I
guess it's time to add the gamma blue
ice pink lemonade or phase berry I don't
know I spilled some one Scoob two scoops
three
that's actually this is really bad I
should have just done one scoop you know
what it's fine it's fine like my norm
cuz like I'm only gonna take like one
little nibble one nibble can't hurt
someone one nibble can't hurt me one
neighbor can I can't die from having one
little tiny little feetsies dizzy bite
oh my god if you guys can only just
smell what I'm smelling right now eat
them all up dump away Oh delicious can I
get a thumbnail let me get that
thumbnail though check this up this is
how you do it right now that's how you
make a coldie thumbnail okay wait you
can't see it yep there it is that's the
thumb now got it there it is guys one
last time before you like say oh that's
not real ramen or let you replace
Tallulah this is legit do not try this
at home you might die wow I just have
like a mini heart attack well I just saw
this on the table you know what if you
guys don't know what sriracha's you're
missing out oh you made this smell
better I smell more of the sriracha now
than the game so that's good I have to
take off my half of this getting very
sweaty
ok
haha I can't even describe the taste but
like I'm gonna keep eating it I'm
actually going to try to swallow this
for you guys
nevermind it's so hard down I don't know
if it's cuz i know there's gamma in
there but it's just so bad it just makes
me wanna just makes me wanna like no way
no freakin way yeah well if you guys did
enjoy this video leave a like and a
comment I would really appreciate it let
me know what you guys want to see next
like gamma cake yamma something stay
beautiful my kitties I'm how to do
here's some sriracha I'm gonna down it
down just for you guys peace out
I'm looking at this and I'm just like I
don't know I'm just getting home skinny